you people said john doe people do not
find themselves for a little video on
from Estonia to waiting for you
that it's going very well as usual
go nickel I have potato and koné
left for a little video on
styles part 1 of this raid
Haarde round of crop cropped to 12 and from
fang you I make you video
will appear on the 22 11 long the raid is
released yesterday at 19h so off French is
so directly 19 street we were in
would obviously do and we were the
first to spend it at least the three
first steps
and I just you make a video
for this first step I think that
in the day I want to play more or
post and this in the morning in the
day in the evening I will post you
step 2 and tomorrow I will post you
step 3 so the priestesses and by the
next when we bite you because there
we did not do it we did the three
first steps and our three characters
story of well garnering glamor and
cetera weapons and we will make own rate
by the end of the week ahead if
everything is going well so here is first
step the lights I will give you
my tips for making lights in
hard who are also worth for their help
for their normal help but who are
really very very good as a tip to
take into account to succeed the hard
so you see people and me and ben
I will make a dedication to all
world was there I'm going to make a
dedication to myself is a little con
but hey I was with I was with her
because there was cooper there was
rasta there were caids and there was
francs merge forget the last
I think it was no I even know
more hello watch him look with
who I was I'll maybe if I
see the end I reject you but I
completely zapped here I am sorry
forgotten stories big poutous when
same and so here's the trick is simple
already we went to 2 with ben we are
only two because we were hunters
I want to clarify that I did I
done on this step with my three
persos so my level 32 hunters that
here we are titan at level 30 2 and my bow
at nice level 31 so you
do not tell me yes but you are invisible
so it's easy and I do it
with all my characters so it's
frankly the visibility I could
not even use it that would change
nothing if I do it is because
necessarily it's better when you are
hunter at least that makes you a point
in less but when you are with the
other gelot characters guarantee that the
visibility invisibility is not
essential
so here is already a tip you've seen
we went to two you can
From 3 there is the other three
to force parents to throw crazy
I placed them in a place that is
really very strategic it's the
second door of the safe
so then by the way this is they
forgot because in this summer ben
because I think he had a yes
this is what I left
you say ah ben left the party
bricks so that means I'm
all by myself I am alone there the
lights I will do them all alone and
I will succeed and I also
so does the lights alone with
my little time do they have time I have them
did it alone so I left
in front of the others waited for me I
managed alone and that titan and with
my arc and east level 31
so that is to say that I had a level
2 below I went to the Troyes
my colleagues died roughly at the
half light and I ended up alone
with my nice bow 31 plays towards the bridge
I passed unfortunately I have my
and the cake has planted I completely
zapped rice rope with the full sheikh
but otherwise it's totally possible
and frankly does the technique like
at home with my cat sister it works with
all the characters except basically you
need to run and use
stratagems cous finally pass around
lights is that it is a little bit
the mobs use your grenades often
for example with the pianist
they had the trick it is to run
because when you are in the art of
difference with the normal is that the
weight of darkness goes much faster
to rise
so you have to be faster
your time running around the lights
really to purge you as soon as you
are at x 2 x 3 you have to go do not have to
wait to be at zero, you have to run
are chained and so that's it so I
will go on lattes the trick
now I have placed three people or
two it depends what do you see in the
second door of the safe
you have docked the doors when you
start where there are the chests that
appear wanted to place in the
second door of the safe
what will make the mauves are going to be
attracted by these people and that the
people who went to do the
lamps and well eventually are going to be
quiet because the modes are going
completely do not care they go over
take care of the people who are on the
teeth the
the first door of a man's body
kof forgiveness that rather than those
who left of course when you
arrive on the last lights there
the spawn mobs in front of you because
you're at the end so it's not okay
until the end it does not work until
the end of May for three quarters of
first lights
if you put people in places there
you will be totally quiet
you saw him at one point is
nothing and with my little time it's
even more blatantly there was really
nobody now second part
of hints you saw him I'm on a
stone and I'm totally safe the
only thing to do that is going to be
destroy the ogre who is here because
it is he who breaks the balls year
that he unfortunately there I had more
of blades of snacks I was pretty sure
6000 was dead and look at it and I put
the package he still has a ball to him
but I'm sure and I'm dying
luckily the way was free in
do I stay long enough to
open so as the bridge was free all
the world loses its weight from darkness and
can run to cross the door
so I'm dead is the hunter because
that there you have seen I could measure more
ammunition
I did exactly this technique and
clark hanister the titan I had my
munitions their free will frankly y'a
not to worry about it even in 31 he dies
so fast there is not too much
difference it's okay but hey you
did you see the technique I wanted when
even there clarified in oral you will trigger
the bridge squeezes as you trigger the
light that is right in front of me you
triggered it once you arrive
you go on the stele to open the
bridge you wait on the stele in
destroyed by killing all the slaves who
happens to him that the light explodes
and once the light ex klose goes
you will go up on the small stone
as I did you are totally
safe there are just the ogres to care
the furniture can not touch you
unless you're on a ledge
really have to get in the middle of the
stone scene there you saw it by
o'shea up a tiny ledge his
side you can jump same job
summer is x 10 you go up I can
guarantee you
So here the same technique when
you're all alone that makes the
purple are you 36.6 you happen to
shooter the others just saw you at
wait for the path to open and you
run here so it's frankly my
trick for this first step so
my two tips we place people to
the second door of the safe for whom
hold back slaves while those
sales really earn a lot of
ahead and once you've arrived
you go up on the stone and then you
wait must therefore manage I re-specify
that I did this technique with my
hunter you saw that sir hand
invisible from time to time even if that
did not serve much
I make them my site burst of
my bow at 31/100 the invisibility
and I can guarantee you that I did not have
no harm we made the first or the
second shot each time there is
really an evil even all alone and in
hard
it's super simple as a step if you
have a little bit of strategy we're going
say if you know you move between
teeth the lights dodge the mobs
to use your grenades stopped the
strategy frankly this is the strategy
after that it's up to you to play and it admits
you defend it so soon the part
precisely from this stage where I you
will also give my tips some very
very good and Iberian tips that that
I go again alone and that
it will work very well so here
we'll see you later for
this second part of this raid hard and
I tell you to their next for a
next video with shop boys